# Minirobot User Guide

## 1 Introduction to Minirobot

Minirobot is an application that controls the MyArm robot arm by combining the 3 buttons of the robotic arm base with an on-screen display. Its functions include drag teaching, communication forwarding, zero calibration, status information, etc.), which is convenient for operators to interact with the elephant robot and use the elephant robot correctly.

Applicable Equipment:

-MyArm M750

**Be sure to download and update the Atom, Pico and Basic firmware before use**
## 2 How to use

After you have updated the basic firmware, plug it in, press the power switch and the Minirobot will start. The boot will automatically run the POST, and Robot Checking will be displayed on the screen, wait for about 20 seconds before entering the main interface. The main interface displays Maincontrol, Transponder, Calibration, Information and Flash, and you can control the selection through the three buttons at the bottom, which are up, down, and ok. If you're going to use Transponder, connect Type-C to your device first. (When using the key, if there is no response, please press and pause for a while and then release to ensure that the key is pressed) Before the motion control, you need to confirm whether the zero position is normal, relax the robotic arm and move it to the theoretical zero position, and use the communication protocol to read the angle value through Transponder, if the zero deviation is too large, you need to use calibration to calibrate the zero position of each joint first, and use test to check whether the zero position is normal after the calibration is completed.
**Note: If there is an abnormal motor communication during the POST, the end LED will be red, and the end LED will be green under normal circumstances. When there is a communication abnormality, the motion control cannot be controlled, at this time, it is necessary to call the clear_servo_error in the communication protocol through the serial port, and ignore the abnormality to move**
### 2.1 Drag teach-in

Drag the show to control the movement of the robot arm according to the trajectory you drag while recording.

### 2.2 Communication Forwarding

Enter the communication forwarding interface, you can control the robotic arm by sending commands in the communication protocol through the serial port assistant on your device.

### 2.3 Zero calibration

The zero calibration interface allows you to calibrate the joint zero and test the zero position.

### 2.4 Status Information
The status information interface allows you to view the motor connection status and firmware version number.

### 2.5 Burning

When you need to burn the PICO firmware of the main controller, go to the programming interface and select Flash to enter the programming preparation stage.

[Next →](./5.1.2-maincontrol.md) <br>